Ezra Holmes
5 days ago 2:56 PM
Exam Location has been changed to All exams are being held remotely on Discord. Please click this link to join Discord: https://discord.gg/KFxkphh3

Ezra Holmes5 days ago 3:05 PM
Your SCCD Windows exam is scheduled for 24 Feb 2021. Note, there is no knowledge test but the system requires a date entered.

This is an "open book, open Internet" exam. Internet resources, hard copy books, hard copy notes, etc. will be available to you to research for the duration of the exam.
This exam will also be conducted remotely so you will take it from your home.
For CCD exams, you must have a working GitLab account.
Examinees must have the ability to access our Discord server at https://discord.gg/CYfcpWB
You will be using Discord through the Desktop App to communicate with the Proctors during this exam.
On the day of the exam:

Go to the CYT Telework Discord site and wait in the “Testing Lobby” under “Eval Rooms.”
Arrive NLT 0745 for the inbrief.
Next, you will be assigned a test room.
Mute your microphone so as not to disturb the other Examinees.
If you need to contact your Proctor during the exam, send them a Direct Message (DM) and they will “call” you through Discord.
When you complete your exam, go back to the Testing Lobby and await your official score and further instructions from your Proctor.
Keep your cell phone charged and near you during the exam. In the event of a network outage or other unforeseen network issue, please continue working as much as possible until a Proctor calls you with further instructions.
Additional Info: Senior CCD
For Linux: You will have 8 hours per day to complete this exam consisting of five coding modules: 1 User Mode (Elf Parsing), 1 User Mode (Multithread), 1 Kernel-level Driver, 1 Vulnerability Research, and 1 Reverse Engineering.
For Windows: You will have 8 hours per day to complete this exam consisting of four coding modules: 2 User Modes, 1 System-level Driver, and 1 Vulnerability Research/Reverse Engineering/Exploitation.
At 0800 the day prior to your exam, in the "testing-lobby" on Discord, you will have a session with the Proctors to provision your system for this upcoming exam.
